# Writing some Luau
[<< Previous (Installing tools...)](1.installing-tools-and-running-tests.md) | [(Rendering UI) Next >>](3.rendering-ui.md)

Now that we know we can run Luau, let's try changing the message in our [startApp.lua](/src/startApp.lua) file:

```lua
return function()
	print("Hello from Luau!")
end
```
> :information_source: Remember to use our [Reference Guides](/docs/index.md#Reference-Guides) if you need it!

Feel free to mess around with this file until you feel comfortable moving on.

Some things you could do:
- [ ] Create a for loop that prints out the current count
- [ ] Calculate the distance between two points using the distance formula
- [ ] Create a string list of the members of your family and print their names in reverse order.

---

The startApp.lua file is what we'd call the "source file", but when we run `lest`, we are also running our test files which depend on these source files.

In this case, our test file can be found as [startApp.spec.lua](/src/startApp.spec.lua), which is conveniently right next to our source file in this library.

Our tests use a test framework called [Jest](https://roblox.github.io/jest-roblox/), which promotes a BDD-style test design. Jest is a Luau-port of Javascript's Jest. Jest will run any files ending with `.spec.lua` as a test file.

---

Now let's write some of our own tests! Open [math.spec.lua](/src/math.spec.lua) and removing the `--[[` and `]]` brackets surrounding our file.

If we run our tests now, we'll see we get a failure:

```bash
lest -t math
# [all-tests] Test results:
# [all-tests] [-] LuaOnboardingSocial
# [all-tests]    [-] math
# [all-tests]       [-] addition
# [all-tests]          [-] WHEN 2 + -2
# [all-tests]             [-] SHOULD equal 0
# [all-tests] 1 passed, 1 failed, 1 skipped
# [all-tests] 1 test nodes reported failures.
# [all-tests] Errors reported by tests:
# [all-tests]
# [all-tests]
# [all-tests] ERR TestService: TODO: Finish this expression!
# [all-tests] LoadedCode.tests.Packages.LuaOnboardingSocial.math.spec:20
# ...
```
> :information_source: You can pass lest the `-t` argument to filter out tests by a test name pattern! Test names are derived by the folder structure, file name, describe block, then it blocks.

We can address this failure by replacing our `fail` call with a proper expectation, using [Jest's interface](https://expert-carnival-b31386a4.pages.github.io/expect).

```lua
it("SHOULD equal 0", function(context)
	expect(context.result).toEqual(0)
end)
```
Run our tests again and make sure you see that we've succeeded:

```bash
lest -t math
# ...
#Lest report:
# - all-tests .. succeeded
```

----

Towards the bottom of the `math.spec.lua` file, you'll see the we've left the "subtraction" describe block empty.

- [ ] Fill out the rest of the subtraction block
	- [ ] WHEN 10 - 5, SHOULD equal 5
	- [ ] WHEN 10 - -5, SHOULD equal 15

----

Feel free to move onto the next step, [Rendering UI](3.rendering-ui.md), when you're finished!
