# Rendering UI
[<< Previous (Writing some Luau)](2.writing-some-luau.md) | [(Creating our own story) Next >>](4.creating-our-own-story.md)

An important part to Luau app development is rendering UI onto a screen. Up until now we've been able to run Luau code from the command line, however it would be awesome to see our code as a graphical interface we can interact with.

Roblox Studio is a public application we distribute that can run our Luau code for us. If you haven't already, do be sure to [download and install Roblox Studio](https://developer.roblox.com/en-us/articles/Studio-Setup) now.

## Studio Project Files
Studio project files use the .rbxp file format. To open, make sure you log into Studio with your internal account. Then on the landing screen, go to File > Open from File and navigate to the desired .rbxp file.

Now open `project.rbxp` file that is included in the repository.

## Storybooks
Storybooks are visual collection of components that exist to demonstrate how and when they are used. They are invaluable tools when creating UI components. You can read more in detail about how to use storybooks [here](https://confluence.rbx.com/display/HOW/1005+-+Using+Developer+Storybooks).

Now navigate to the Storybook plugin. At the top of the Studio screen, select PLUGINS > Storybook. A docked window should appear.

The storybook we'll be using today is named "LuaOnboarding". We're going to mess with the "withCustomTitle" story for a bit. Find it by navigating down LuaOnboarding > UI > Title > withCustomTitle and select it. You should see the story rendered in the adjacent pane.

> :information_source: At the top of the Storybook viewer, there is a checkbox labeled "Live". Select it to enable Live Reloading when editing stories!

Let's make a few edits and see what happens! Open [`withCustomTitle.story.lua`](/src/UI/Title/withCustomTitle.story.lua). You should see the following story:

```lua
return function()
	return Roact.createElement(Title, {
		text = "A Custom Title",
	})
end
```

Go ahead and change the `text` prop to whatever you'd like and press save. Notice that as soon as you save, the story is instantly re-rendered in Roblox Studio!

We can use storybooks to quickly iterate on our frontend code in this manner. When you're ready, [let's try creating our own story](4.creating-our-own-story.md).
